---
title: KeePassXC
draft: false 
website: https://keepassxc.org
classification: ['Password Management Software']
platform: ['Web']
keywords: ['1Password', 'Buttercup', 'Dashlane', 'Firefox Lockwise', 'KeePass', 'KeePassDroid', 'KeeWeb', 'Lastpass', 'LessPass', 'MacPass', 'MasterPassword', 'Passbolt', 'Safe In Cloud', 'TeamPass', 'bitwarden']
---
KeePass Cross-Platform Community Edition - A community maintained fork of the popular KeePassX... The thing computers can do best is storing information.
You shouldn't waste your time trying to remember and type your passwords. KeePassXC can store your passwords safely and auto-type them into your everyday websites and applications.

<i class="fa fa-asterisk" aria-hidden="true"></i><strong>Encrypted</strong>: The complete database is always encrypted with the industry-standard AES (alias Rijndael) encryption algorithm using a 256 bit key. KeePassXC uses a database format that is compatible with KeePass Password Safe. Your wallet works offline and requires no Internet connection.

<i class="fa fa-laptop" aria-hidden="true"></i><strong>Cross-Platform: </strong>KeePassXC is a community fork of KeePassX, the cross-platform port of KeePass for Windows. Every feature works cross-platform and was thoroughly tested on multiple systems to provide users with the same look and feel on every supported operating system. This includes the beloved Auto-Type feature.

<i class="fa fa-heart-o" aria-hidden="true"></i><strong>Open Source: </strong>The full source code is published under the terms of the GNU General Public License.
We see open source as a vital prerequisite for any security-critical software product. For that reason, KeePassXC is and always will be free as in freedom (and in beer). Contributions by everyone are welcome!