---
title: Email On Deck
draft: false 
website: https://www.emailondeck.com
classification: ['']
platform: ['Web']
keywords: ['10 Minute Mail', '33Mail', 'AnonAddy', 'Discard.email', 'Dispostable', 'FakeInbox', 'FastMail', 'Guerrilla Mail', 'InboxKitten', 'MailCatch', 'MailDrop', 'MailNesia', 'Mailexpire', 'Mailinator', 'Mintemail', 'OwlyMail', 'Spamgourmet', 'TempMail', 'TempMail.altmails', 'Tempinbox', 'Throttle', 'YOPmail', 'Zoho Mail']
---
EmailOnDeck is a web based temporary email service provider that delivers the free and fast temporary email address.

EmailOnDeck.com is the premier site for all things relating to temporary, disposable and throwaway email addresses. We want to help you avoid SPAM, protect your online privacy, and stop you from having to give away your personal email address to every company and person on the internet who insists on you giving it to them. We work hard and will continue to work hard to give you a disposable email address that works with any site or app. We hope to help give you back the control of deciding who you want to give your personal info to.

Temporary emails are perfect for any transaction where you want to improve your online privacy. Use them when you buy or sell Bitcoins or trade cryptocurrency, at exchanges, or locally. They can be used for QA testing of emails, quick registrations and even for dating profiles and accounts. You can make your private temporary email address fast, and use it to help protect your online privacy.
<div class="whyeod_grp">
<ul>
 	<li class="whyeod_txt">EmailOnDeck is always simple and free</li>
 	<li class="whyeod_txt">Create temp emails fast in just 2 easy steps</li>
 	<li class="whyeod_txt">Used by professionals all around the world</li>
 	<li class="whyeod_txt">Protect your privacy by not allowing spam in your personal inbox</li>
 	<li class="whyeod_txt">Emails are constantly being securely deleted</li>
 	<li class="whyeod_txt">Bitcoin and cryptocurrency friendly!</li>
</ul>
</div>