---
title: Ink2Go
draft: false 
website: http://ink2go.org/
classification: ['Screen Capture Softwares']
platform: ['Mac', 'Windows']
keywords: ['Ardesia', 'BSR Screen Recorder', 'Camtasia', 'Captura', 'DemoPro', 'Epic Pen', 'Fraps', 'Free Screen Video Recorder', 'Gamecaster', 'Movavi Screen Capture', 'PicPick', 'Salasil Desktop', 'Screenbits', 'Screencast Capture Lite', 'ShareX', 'SimpleScreenRecorder', 'Taksi', 'UltraVNC Screen Recorder', 'oCam']
---
<p><strong>Ink2Go</strong> is an extremely simple yet powerful screen annotation and recording software. You can easily write on top of any other application that is currently active on the desktop, even on a running video. You can then save your annotations as an image file or even record the whole session as a video for sharing. It is a useful tool for presenters to communicate and share ideas during a live session, for educators to create effective video tutorials and for salespeople to create impressive video presentations.</p>
<ul type="disc">
<li>Record High-Quality video of entire desktop together with your annotation as a video.</li>
<li>Video formats: WMV (for Windows) and MOV (for Mac OS X).</li>
<li>Let you define a region of interest on the screen and only record within that region.</li>
<li>Record your voice from the microphone.</li>
<li>Allow pause and resume during a recording session.</li>
<li>Floating toolbar that can be moved around and switched between horizontal or veritcal, so that it never gets into the way of your presentation.</li>
<li>8 pens, 4 highlighters and 3 erasers of various colors and sizes for your convenience.</li>
<li>Mouse mode that let you control other applications as per normal while your annotations are still showing on top.</li>
<li>Use Hotkeys to quickly switch among different tools without having to access the toolbar. The hotkey combination can be configured in the Preferences menu.</li>
<li>Let you write, draw or highlight on any content being shown on the desktop from any app, be it a webpage, a slideshow, a running video or even presentation mode of <a href="https://hackerspad.net/software/keynote/">Keynote</a> and <a href="https://hackerspad.net/software/powerpoint/">Powerpoint</a>.</li>
<li>Save the current desktop with your annotations as an image. Image formats: PNG, JPEG, Bitmap or GIF (for Windows), and PNG (for Mac OS X).</li>
</ul>

<!-- wp:paragraph -->
<p></p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph -->