---
title: Prezi
draft: false 
website: https://prezi.com/
classification: ['']
platform: ['Web']
keywords: ['Altify', 'Bitrix24', 'ClickMeeting', 'Cliently', 'CrankWheel', 'Crescendo', 'DocSend', 'Google Drive - Slides', 'Highspot', 'Keynote', 'Kixie', 'Pipedrive', 'Powerpoint', 'Powtoon', 'Samepage', 'Seismic', 'SignalHire', 'SlideShare', 'Unily', 'Visme', 'Zoho CRM', 'amoCRM']
---
Welcome to Prezi, the presentation software that uses motion, zoom, and spatial relationships to bring your ideas to life and make you a great presenter.

When a business presentation is too rigidly structured (with strictly ordered slides and a one-size-fits-all script), there’s no room for adaptability. Presenters are forced to wade through slide after slide of superfluous topics to reach the stuff that’s relevant to a particular customer. With a shift in approach, you can easily turn presentations into dialogues that are collaborative, dynamic, and engaging enough to keep viewers tuned in from beginning to end.

Instead of telling a story slide by slide, conversational presenting can be achieved using a single space. This space can be explored in new ways each time, just like a digital map. Imagine your entire presentation laid out with an infinite variety of route combinations to get from Point A to Point B, or Point C, or Point Z. Rather than committing a sequence of information to memory, this map-like arrangement encourages you to learn the parts of your story individually and move through them at will. You’ll feel more confident and more prepared and your audience will sense this, too.

Record highly visual training materials, memos, announcements, and updates that can be shared and viewed anytime in messaging apps such as MS Teams or Slack.