---
title: Jira
draft: false 
website: https://www.atlassian.com/software/jira/agile
classification: ['Project Management Softwares']
platform: ['Browser', 'Web']
keywords: ['Accelo', 'Airtable', 'Asana', 'Backlog', 'Basecamp', 'Bitrix24', 'Easy Projects', 'Mavenlink', 'Meistertask', 'Omnifocus 2 for Mac', 'Redmine', 'Samepage', 'Shake', 'Slack', 'Teamgantt', 'Teamwork Projects', 'Todoist', 'Trello', 'Vabotu', 'Wekan', 'Zenkit', 'Zoho Projects', 'productboard', 'todo.vu']
---
The #1 software development tool used by agile teams. Jira Software is built for every member of your software team to plan, track, and release great software. Jira Software supports any agile project management methodology for software development Jira Software is an agile project management tool that supports any agile methodology, be it scrum, kanban, or your own unique flavor. From agile boards to reports, you can plan, track, and manage all your agile software development projects from a single tool.

Pick a framework to see how Jira Software can help your team release higher quality software, faster. Create user stories and issues, plan sprints, and distribute tasks across your software team. Prioritize and discuss your team’s work in full context with complete visibility. Ship with confidence and sanity knowing the information you have is always up-to-date. Improve team performance based on real-time, visual data that your team can put to use.
<ul class="review-page__features-list">
 	<li>Customizable workflows</li>
 	<li>Unlimited custom fields</li>
 	<li>Bugs and defect management</li>
 	<li>Seamless source and issue integration</li>
 	<li>Search and filtering</li>
 	<li>Advanced reporting</li>
 	<li>Customizable dashboards and wallboards</li>
 	<li>Advanced security and administration</li>
 	<li>Integration with flexible REST APIs</li>
 	<li>Easily import data from other systems</li>
 	<li>Mobile interface</li>
 	<li>OnDemand and OnPremise deployment</li>
 	<li>Scrum, Kanban, and Scrumban boards</li>
 	<li>Polished user experience</li>
</ul>