---
title: Refiner
draft: false 
website: https://refiner.io
classification: ['Business Softwares']
platform: ['Web']
keywords: ['Ascendus', 'Atera', 'CloudRatify', 'Customer Thermometer', 'FeedbacQ', 'FeetPort', 'Fieldboom', 'GuildQuality', 'Honestly', 'Kai Analytics', 'Ochatbot', 'Osurv', 'QuestionPro', 'Reputon Customer Reviews for Shopify', 'Sentigrade', 'SightMill', 'Survey Analytics', 'SurveySensum', 'Wootric', 'YesInsights', 'Zittly', 'sessionly']
---
Refiner is a customer survey tool built specifically for SaaS, eCommerce and Membership sites. Our simple and beautiful survey widgets get you the responses you need to grow your business - on brand and perfectly timed.

With Refiner you can ask your users any question while they are using your product. This is the moment when they are the most engaged and trust your brand. Unbeatable response rates and highly accurate data guaranteed!

Gradually profile your users, trigger ultra-personalized nurturing campaigns, uncover great sales opportunities, research what to build next, measure customer satisfaction (CSAT), net promoter score (NPS), or customer effort score (CES). Refiner comes packed with all the survey tools you need to gain actionable insights.

Refiner integrates into your existing marketing &amp; sales stacks seamlessly. Our integrations allow you to sync survey responses to the tools you already use in real time, such as your CRM, email marketing automation platform, your backend API or good old Excel.

Refiner helps you to understand who your users really are, what they need and how you can help them achieve their goals. Get started for free today and increase conversion &amp; retention rates with better customer data.
<ul class="bulleted">
 	<li>Surveys</li>
</ul>